Initial Commit (#1)
ros-industrial/cmake_common_scripts: README.rst

====================
CMake Common Scripts
====================

> This contains a set useful cmake macros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contains a collection of useful CMake macros.
```

Author: Done

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 3

Available Macros
================

Clang Tidy
----------

This CMake macro will add clang tidy to a provided target.

> Macro:

Reviewer 2: In general, I think for each macro we should describe what they do and why you want to use them. Having these is really only helpful if everyone knows how to use them (and actually does).

Author: Would providing a link to clang-tidy, iwyu, code-coverage and cppcheck documentation be sufficient?

Author: I added links to relevant documentation.

.. code-block:: cmake

   target_clang_tidy(${PACKAGE_NAME} ${ARGN})

This configures clang-tidy with default arguments to only produce warnings.

.. code-block:: cmake

   target_clang_tidy(${PACKAGE_NAME} ${DEFAULT_CLANG_TIDY_WARNING_ARGS})

> This configures clang-tidy with default arguments to only produce errors.

Reviewer 2: A more in depth explanation here would be nice. Does this mean that warnings are produced as warnings and errors are produced as errors? On Tesseract we have warnings produced as errors, right?

Reviewer 2: Also, mentioning the macros to disable a line or section would be good.

Author: Updated.

.. code-block:: cmake

   target_include_what_you_use(${PACKAGE_NAME} ${DEFAULT_IWYU_ARGS})

This CMake macro will add IWYU to all targets

.. code-block:: cmake

   include_what_you_use(${ARGN})

This CMake macro will add IWYU to all targets with default arguments.

.. code-block:: cmake

   include_what_you_use(${DEFAULT_IWYU_ARGS})

CppCheck
--------

This CMake macro will add CppCheck to a given target

.. code-block:: cmake

   target_cppcheck(${PACKAGE_NAME} ${ARGN})

This CMake macro will add CppCheck to a given target with default arguments.

.. code-block:: cmake

   target_cppcheck(${PACKAGE_NAME} ${DEFAULT_CPPCHECK_ARGS})

This CMake macro will add CppCheck to all targets

.. code-block:: cmake

   cppcheck(${ARGN})

This CMake macro will add CppCheck to all targets with default arguments.

.. code-block:: cmake

   cppcheck(${DEFAULT_CPPCHECK_ARGS})

Configure (Pure CMake Package)
------------------------------
This CMake macro simplifies the CMake package configure and install by performing multiple operations

* It installs the provided targets
* It exports the provided targets under the provided namespace

> * It installs the package.xml file

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should add installing (and generating?) colcon hooks?

Reviewer 2: We can open that as an issue if you want to do that later

Reviewer: I would not do this by default actually. From the discussion on the `tesseract` PR, I got the impression it should only be needed if ROS 2 packages want/need to be able to locate artefacts in this package at runtime.

CMake macros/functions are by definition used at build time.

Author: I asked and the colcon.pkg is only required at build time and does not need to be installed, though the hooks do need to be installed. They could be added here along side the package.

>

I would not do this by default actually. From the discussion on the tesseract PR, I got the impression it should only be needed if ROS 2 packages want/need to be able to locate artefacts in this package at runtime.

CMake macros/functions are by definition used at build time.

Are you recommending not to install the hooks and package.xml by default?

> * It create and install the ${PROJECT_NAME}-config.cmake and ${PROJECT_NAME}-config-version.cmake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It creates and installs the ${PROJECT_NAME}-config.cmake and ${PROJECT_NAME}-config-version.cmake
```

Author: Done
